{
    "head":  {
                  "subDivisions":number,
                  "tempo":       number
                  
             },
    "tracks":[
                  {
                      "instrument":number,
                      "notes":     [
                                        {"id":string, "pos":number, "length":number, "note":number},
                                        {"id":string, "pos":number, "length":number, "note":number}
                                   ]
                  },
                  {
                      "instrument":number,
                      "notes":     [
                                        {"id":string, "pos":number, "length":number, "note":number},
                                        {"id":string, "pos":number, "length":number, "note":number}
                                   ]
                  }
             ]
}

Explanation

The format is split into two sections: head and tracks.

head is simply a dictionary. When it is stored on the server it will only contain those two fields. Other 
fields relating to the song such as title and genre will be stored as separate properties in the jingle entity.
However, when the whole song is sent to the client, the head will also contain these fields for the purpose of
sending data.

    subDivisions is the amount a quarter note (or if you're English, a crotchet) has been split up. For example, a 
    value of 4 would mean there are 4 possible positions a note could start or stop in the length represented by
    a crotchet. In reality it means if a higher value is used, the user would be able to choose more precisely the
    start and stop of a note in the editor. 
    1 is the lowest possible value. It would mean notes could not be smaller than a crotchet and must start and end
    where the crotchets start and end if placed back to back.


    tempo is beats per minute. A normal value is around 120 bpm. It would seem that in MIDI at least, there are 2
    crotchets in a beat. This seems confusing and might actually be wrong but in the end it won't matter because 
    it only defines how fast the jingle should be played.



tracks is an array of dictionaries where each dictionary represents a single track. There can be a maximum of 15 tracks.
There are 16 channels available in MIDI but channel 10 is reserved for percussion so you can have a maximum of
15 instruments. Inside a track we have:

    instrument - a number from 0 to 127 which is the MIDI instrument number.


    notes - an array of note definitions. A note definition contains the following:
    
        id - needed so we can uniquely identify a note when the client deletes or edits it. Note IDs are only unique to tracks.
             This means to uniquely identify a note in the whole jingle you need to the track it is in and its ID.

        pos - the position in the jingle this note starts. position is in terms of subDivisions.
        
        length - The number of subDivisions this note lasts for

        note - a number from 0 to 127 representing which note should be played. We are probably going to limit to 3 octaves,
               so this range of numbers will be more restricted


               
               
               
               
This JSON format is likely to influence the content of the messages sent between client and server during editing.

When a new jingle is created or a current jingle is loaded, the server will need to send the entire JOSN string to the client
    In the case of a new jingle being created, this could be a JSON with subDivision and tempo set to their default values
    and the tracks array empty
    
    Please remember that when the whole JSON is being sent to the client, the head section will also include:
    (note from Murray: Wouldn't it be easier if these were included every time?
    This seems to me sane, so that the object can be converted with one command without having to pick out the name/etc. every time)
        title
        length (note from Murray: what of/how? I'm going to assume beats, since then it's super accurate and still easy to work with given the other info provided in the same header (ie the tempo). Maybe actually subdivisions would be better because then it could be even more accurate.)
        genre
        tags
        id (note from Murray: I've added this, since it seems insane to not give songs IDs. Two songs could easily have the same title)
    
When a jingle is being edited, there will need to be messages for the following:
    edit tempo
    edit subDivision
    add/edit/remove instrument
    add/remove note
    
There will also need to be messages for getting the MIDI file from the server for playback in the editor
    
When adding an instrument the instrument ID and track number it is being added to will need to be sent to
the server. A new, empty notes array will also be created for that instrument at this point.

When editing an instrument, the instrument and track number will need to be sent to the server.

When removing an instrument, the track number will need to be sent to the server

When adding a note the following is needed:
    id
    track number
    position
    length
    note 

When removing a note the following is needed:
    track number
    note ID
    
To uniquely identify a note, the track number and note ID are needed.
